Search
Son of a mother Son of a father You can look inside you You can look inside me Come on and search! Search deep inside You can put it together You can pull it apart You relapse unconscious You don't remember!

 
Tension
When you're revealing I get that feeling Of a blind man in bed Couldn't hear what I said No way When you're revealing I get that feeling Of a monk in a church A big empty church

 
Ruins
Culture moves the hands Of the man yet scanned Whose judgment? The matter was life Who got the hand shake? The ruins of a culture still maimed Remember the camps before you were born The mourn of the families Culture moves the hands Of the man yet scanned

 
The Punch Line
I believe when they found the body of General George A. Custer Quilled like a porcupine with Indian arrows He didn't die with any honor, any dignity, or any valor.I believe when they found George A. Custer An American general, patriot, and Indian-fighter He died with shit in his pants!

 
History Lesson
A hundred thousand years ago before legends were ever told Homo Sapiens stood erect, mind empty and mind fresh. Created love and hate. Then God and Anti-God. Human slaughtered Human slaughtered Human slaughtered Human First with stone Then with metal Now with heat. It was all for power.

 
Fanatics
There's a hanging in Turkey. Two necks in a noose. One's a rightist. The other's a leftist. What the fuck? Fanatics!

 
Gravity
Against The flux. Play the field; push the wheel. Horizontal. Silently Talkin'. Being boxed in by friends friends friends of friends and so on. Fruitless triumph Newton's search only proves that flesh and muscle are being pulled off our bones

 
Bob Dylan Wrote Propaganda Songs
I'm waiting and diversing! I'm collecting... Dispersing information... liberation! Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs! Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs! Manifesto on my window and my (fruit?)...Rotation, admiration, outline my route...Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs! Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs

 
The Anchor
Made a dream last night. Wish I hadn't awoken. Wind blew warm in my face. Naked in an Epsom. Five beautiful girls around me. I was so damn bad. I took them on one at a time. Wake up, heart yanked out. Anchor dragging behind.

 
Self-Referenced
Burned-out wreck spotted on the beach: a symbol of my life. How can I believe in books when my heart lies to me? I'm full of shit!
Bumming real hard on cold steel facts - I'm full of shit!

 
Dreams Are Free, Motherfucker! 
Instrumental
 
The Toe Jam 
Instrumental

 
I Felt Like A Gringo a ton of white boy guilt, that's my problem -obstacle to joy (one reason for drugs) slept on a mexican beach, slept in trash(american trash) thinking too much can ruin a good time. I asked a mexican whoran a bar for americans "who won"I said "the election?" he laughed and I feltlike a gringo - we paid for a song and they had fun with us. why can't you buya good time? why are there soldiers in the streets? why did I spend the fourthin someone else's country

 
Little Man With A Gun In His Hand
The highest love, a woman's touch Harmony, a strong mind, a strong body, beauty, all the things He couldn't be, all The things he couldn't have. Little man with a gun in his hand

 
Shit You Hear At Parties  
Sometimes the news is like a loud hum in my amplifier It rings my head out like a filthy washcloth With little folds Thousands of little folds! The shit you hear at parties Kick in the idiot box Wait for the news in the history books Like junkies who hate their heroin

 
Party With Me Punker  
Party with me, punker! Party with me, punker! In a condo In an air raid shelter In a photo booth The fascist pogo Party with me, punker! Party with me, punker! With napalm With marijuana With a clenched fist With the history of the world Party with me, punker! Party with me, punker! Party with me, punker! 


 
Anxious Mo-Fo  
Serious as a heart attack! Makes me feel this way...No device to measure, no word can define.I mean what I’m trying to say is how can I express – let alone possess? Serious as a heart attack! Makes me feel this way...
 knots... my logic is my style.Can't avoid it, must make a stand.

 
Viet Nam  
Let’s say I got a number -- that number’s fifty thousand.That’s ten percent of five hundred thousand.Oh, here we are in French Indochina!Executive order, congressional decision.The working masses are manipulated.Was this our policy? Ten long years...Not one domino shall fall.

 
It's Expected I'm Gone  
I don't want to hurt.See, my position was here.I mean, as it was, I was...So, this led to the downfall of man.I can make seconds feel hours.I make certain that my head is connected to my body.No hope?  
See, that's what gives me guts.Big fucking shit! Right now, man.

 
Two Beads At The End  
Caught by a camera taken at shutter speed, my neck's in a knot, two beads at the end.Bolt cutters close, my head rolls again -- trapped in your snare, voices fly at me.Snap like a tiger, strikes like a snake -- feel like a poker in someone's fireplace.

 
Do You Want New Wave Or Do You Want The Truth?  
A word war will set off th.Who'll work the fields with his hands? Who'll put his back to the plow? Who'll take the mountain and give it to the sea?  
conditioned minds...The unit bonded together... morals, ideals, awareness, progress...Let yourself be heard!

 
Nature Without Man  
The boundary, the border of right and wrong,The tariff is self, the freedom of feeling the criminal.The pied piper, the heart and mind...The pied piper, the heart and mind...Nature without man, nature without man...Nature without man, nature without man...

 
One Reporter's Opinion  
Who can be romantic to Mike Watt? He’s only a skeleton.His body is a series of points with no height, length, or width.In his joints, he feels life.. his strongest connection.Between the yelling and the sleep... pain is the toughest riddle.He’s chalk He’s a dartboard!His sex is disease!He’s a stop sign!

 
Political Song For Michael Jackson To Sing  
List monitors arrive with petition. Iron-fisted philosophy... Is your life worth a painting? Is this 'girl vs. boy' with different symbols?  
Being born is power...Scout leader nazi tagged as 'big sin'. Your risk chains me hostage.Me, I'm fighting with my head, I am not ambiguous.I must look like a dork.Me, naked with textbook poems spout fountain against the Nazis, With weird kinds of sex symbols in speeches that are bi beyond the big sweat point.Man, it was still there, ever without you coming back around, look!Coming together, for just a second, a peek.A guess at the wholeness that's way too big, at the wholeness that's way too big.

 
Maybe Partying Will Help  
As I look over this beautiful land, I can't help but realize that I am alone.Why am I able to waste my energy to notice life being so beautiful?Maybe partying will help...And what of the people who don't have what 
Toadies  
No. 7 on the chump list, playing stooge, eatin' shit -- toadies, toadies.Using that as a reason for kickin' shit on the dumb fucks -- toadies, toadies.We are cuss-words, nearly illiterate, dedicated to fightin' toadies -- toadies, toadies.

 
Retreat  
Real things conditioning will lose their meaning.The toilet starts flushing; sets me off again.But I am a thorn, I read it in your face.The cough's a thunderclap, my head's a tape recorder.

 
The Big Foist  
A richer understanding of what's already understood,No meanings from the here and now.What gift could be a work of art? Can you call it the big foist? I'm fuckin' overwhelmed!


 
Corona  
The people will survive in their environment.The dirt, scarcity and the emptiness of our South.The injustice of our greed, the practice we inherit.The dirt, scarcity and the emptiness of our South.There on the beach, I could see it in her eyes.I only had a Corona, five-cent deposit.

 
The Glory Of Man  
Starting with the affirmation of man I work myself backwards using cynicism(the time monitor, the space measurer)I live sweat but I dream light years,I am the tide - the rise and the fallthe reality soldier, the laugh child, the one of the many, the flame child(the time monitor, the space measurer)

 
Take 5, D.  
Hope we can rely on you not to use shower...You're not keeping tub caulked.Caused both downstairs bath ceilings and walls to be soggy.Tub has to properly caulked prior to any shower.Walls are drenched -- I'll refer plumber here.Had to pay for two service calls.Water drips from all around.Kathy's ceiling, my ceiling. Don't use shower... don't use shower...

 
My Heart And The Real World  
And so my soul collapsed into a big guilt wad Some big thunder law forces me to eat shit And if I was a word could my letters number a hundred? More likely coarse and guttural one syllable anglo saxon I'm a victim of fact
 
History Lesson - Part II  
Our band could be your life Real names'd be proof Me and Mike Watt, we played for years Punk rock changed our lives.We learned punk rock in Hollywood Drove up from Pedro We were fucking corndogs We'd go drink and pogo Mr. Narrator,This is Bob Dylan to me My story could be his songs I'm his soldier child Our band is scientist rock But I was E. Bloom, Richard Hell,Joe Strummer and John Doe Me and Mike Watt, playing guitar

 
You Need The Glory Instrumental

 
The Roar Of The Masses Could Be Farts  
Soft and understanding eyes of the young Moving with abandon atop the green lawns Malleable as luck allows faking all the ties Forced out in time These expressions met Improvised inventions Lost in the way Absolute the course Which instinct betrays Grinding in reversal Outdo til done Proper naked self Solutions surround In brightness be it real Blinded and free Pastel gems hit Pearlesque in flaw Spark of the instant Challenging the time View the observer's Plagiarizing hands

 
Mr. Robot's Holy Orders  
Force fed Sifted Tin can Pull handle Puppet Pull toys

 
Themselves  
All these men who work the land Should evaluate themselves and make a stand Can't they see beyond the rhetoric? The lies and promises that don't mean shit And all the men who learned to hate them And all the men who learned to hate them They keep themselves 
 
Please Don't Be Gentle With Me  
Just wake up And tug my hair And let me know All of the outside world and you are there And never be too gentle with me

 
Nothing Indeed  
The interruption went Small snag in life Pothole in the road It's only a detour A minor deterrent That can't unload My examination Parts a to b There is no cause No cause at all For my hesitation Nothing indeed

 
This Ain't No Picnic  
Working on the edge Losing my self-respect For a man who presides over me The principles of his creed Punch in, punch out Eight hours, five days Sweat, pain and agony On Friday I'll get paid This ain't no picnic This ain't no picnic This ain't no picnic This ain't no picnic Hey mister don't look down on me For what I believe I got my bills and the rent I should be content But our land isn't free So I'll work my youth away In the place of a machine I refuse to be a slave This ain't no picnic

 
Spillage  
A clear and dusty day in June My stoned mind just spilled that line Describing, what's it like, describing?Believing that the sum is "yes"Looking around at all my comrades My police state mind just spilled that line I want to give names to our bonds I need names to play the game But what makes my heart run?Why the thunder in my thighs?My body My mind The idea of my life Seems like a symbol

 
Untitled Song For Latin America  
The western hemisphere and all inside We know who's murdering the innocent They are children playing with guns They are children playing with countries Mining harbors, creating contras The games they play, the lives they take They bank their money in this country They steal from the innocent A colonial trait that's much too old The banks, the lives, the profits, the lies The banks, the profits, the lives & the lies I would call it genocide Any other word would be a lie.

 
Jesus And Tequila  
I had a girl She loved what she saw She loved me so good She made her daddy mad My woman cried She's dead to me now My woman ran off And I can't deny it My life -  
Jesus and tequila I'm satisfied And I can't deny it I had a job It paid me good I could have my phone And tip the preacher too My boss yelled He's dead to me now My boss kicked me out And I can't deny it My life - Jesus and tequila I'm satisfied And I can't deny it You better listen to me'Cause I'm gonna tell you, son Don't give away your love And don't give away your sweat Because a girl can't know you And a boss can't afford you Remember Jesus and tequila I'm satisfied And I can't deny it Remember Jesus and tequila I'm satisfied And I can't deny it


 
Storm In My House  
If I could, I surely would Give my life to you So you can have two Take me in your arms and lie to me.You tell me it's always going To be like this The world is the coldest place,Surely the coldest place.There's a storm inside my house,Raging and relentless,Wind tearing at the rafters,Howling through the timbers.Hard stinging rain,Falling in and falling down,Hope this storm doesn't rip my roof off,My skin keeps the storm inside.

 
Martin's Story  
What you makin', man Takes time A little bit A little bit more The effort's worth it Feels good Designed By me Try and try That's the way you want it If you know That ain't the way it always goes A little bit A little bit more What you makin', man Takes time

 
Dr Wu  
It don't seem right Well I been strung out here all night I'm waiting for the taste you said you'd bring to me Biscayne Bay Where the Cuban children Sleep all day I'm searching for the song You used to sing to me Katy lies You can see it in her eyes Imagine my surprise When I saw you Are you with me Dr. Wu Or are you really just a shadow of the man that I once knew? Are you crazy? Are you high? Are you just an ordinary guy? Have you done all you can do? Are you with me, doctor? Can you hear me, doctor? Are you with me, doctor? Can you hear me, doctor?

 
Little Man With A Gun In His Hand  
The highest love, a woman's touch Harmony, a strong mind, a strong body, beauty, all the things He couldn't be, all The things he couldn't have. Little man with a gun in his hand

 
The World According To Nouns  
The state The church The plans The waste The dead The mine The cut What's the verb behind it all?The do The how Thy why The where The when The what Can these words refine that truth?

 
The Price Of Paradise  
How I remember the history I have seen I was just a young boy,the horror I couldnt forsee All the pain that comes with war All the scars that never heal Here in paradise the price is cheap Young men die for greed Across the ocean in a land they call Vietnam Young men dying is all it would cost We were told and proudly believed They would fight to keep us free Here in America the price is cheap Young men die for what?My brother,the soldier was a hero who survived He'd tell the stories of men who died without dreams And they fight for men twice their age The smell of death made his life change The price of paradise is stained with blood Why? All pawns and puppets of flesh and bone Will die for their leaders far from their homes These are men who died very young Afraid to see that their cause was unjust Why couldnt they live for life?Not die to survive

 
Lost  
Lost on the freeways again Looking for cause to an end Nobody knows which way its gonna bend Lost on the freeways again Walking the breezeways again Looking for something my friend Im getting tired of living Nixon's mess Walking the breezeways again I know there will come a time when you'll say that you dont know me I know there will be a day when there's nothing no one owes me anymore Stuck in the attic again Out of the shallow and in to the deep end Ive got a wound that I know will never mend Stuck in the attic again I know there will come a time when you'll say that you dont know me I know there will be a day when there's nothing no one owes me anymore 

 
The Big Stick  
Now over there in Managua Square With American made bombs falling everywhere They kill women and children and animals too These bombs are made by people like me and you And we're told that we hold a big stick over them But I know from what I've read that peace is in our hands Now over there in Guatamala my friend We're making mistakes there once again Uncle Sam supports a fascist regime That doesnt represent the people over there We learn and believe there is justice for us all And we lie to ourselves with a big stick up our ass Now if we stand and yell it out That war isn't what we're all about Then someone will come and bring us back To get the peace train back on it's tracks This is what I'm singing about The race war that America supports Indians will never die They'll do just fine if we let them try Though we hold,we're never told that peace is in our hands If we stop there is time to heal the scars we've caused To heal the scars we've caused...

 
Political Nightmare  
Someone's doing something Confusion Anpther invasion? Sympathize with who? Someone killed somebody Confusion Did anyone gain? How much did it cost? Woke up screaming Someone changed sides Everyone was dying One too many votes...Satan won

 
Courage  
Where's your courage? Are you afraid to die? Are you happy that God is on your side? I wrote this song in a story of men who died for glory Where's your courage? Do you think you're alone? Are you laughing for being blind and pure? I wrote this song in a story of men who died for glory Where's your courage? Do you share all you have? Are you hiding from something you dont know? Where's your courage?

 
Have You Ever Seen The Rain?  
Someone told me long ago There's a calm before the storm I know...it's been coming for some time When it's over so they say It'll rain a sunny day I know...shining down like water I wanna know...have you ever seen the rain?I wanna know...have you ever seen the rain?Coming down on a sunny day Yesterday and days before Sun is cold and rain is hard I know...it's been that way for all my time'Till forever on it goes Through the circle fast and slow I know...can it stop I wonder I wanna know...have you ever seen the rain?I wanna know...have you ever seen the rain?Coming down on a sunny day Originally by Creedance Clearwater Revival

 
The Red And The Black  
Canadian mounted,baby A police force that works Red and black is their color scheme Get their man in the end It's all right...It's all right You kill,you maim You kill,you maim Frontenac chateau,baby I cross the fromtier at ten Got a whip in my hand,baby And a girl or a huskie at leather's end It's all right...It's all right You kill,you maim You kill you maim Hornswoop me bungo pony Dog sled on ice Make a dash for freedom,baby Dont skate on polar ice It's too thick to be sliced by the light Of long,white polar nights It's all right...It's all right You kill,you maim You kill,you maim Originally by Blue Oyster Cult

 
Spoken Word Piece  
Liberal Man meets Conservative Man Conservative Man wears his myth on his skin Liberal Man has to explain his and keeps his shirt all buttoned up Conservative Man greets Liberal Man with a well-rehearsed cold stare Liberal Man replies by issuing forth horseshit Conservative Man retaliates by taking the concrete reality of the Situation and lodging it,like a wedge,right between both sides of Liberal Man's brain Liberal Man is caught off gaurd by this apparent non-abstraction There is one full minute of confusion Liberal Man becomes Conservative Man Conservative Man becomes Liberal Man War is declared Liberal Man cheats by calling in reinforcements Conservative Man is set upon by a mob and murdered Said mob then turns on Liberal Man and he dies a broken man


 
Stories  
I heard one today about the one I love I heard one earlier that shook me up I heard one the other day,cant believe it's true I heard one by accident wish I had it I heard one so many times I couldn't care any more

 
What Is It?  
In your eyes I've seen it In my silence it's heard In a dream it lingers In solitude it's known In honesty I scream it In panic I forget it In desperation I need it In time I lose it In my mind I save it

 
 
Just Another Soldier  
Over 300 dead,we still got pride We've lost all our morals,we still got pride Should we fight this war in some far corner of the globe And learn how to die for some unjust cause Is this our future?Ashes are all that remain It's easy when you got pride How much pride does a dead soldier got?His life so short,no chance to even start The ones he left behind The world he'll never see But no one could deny that the soldier died with pride

 
Situations At Hand  
There are still lofty dreams meager desires and still silliness


 
Political Song For Michael Jackson To Sing  
List monitors arrive with petition. Iron-fisted philosophy... Is your life worth a painting? Is this 'girl vs. boy' with different symbols? Being born is power! Scout leader Nazi tagged as 'big sin'. Your risk chains me hostage. Me, I'm fighting with my head, I am not ambiguous. I must look like a dork! Me, naked with textbook poems spout fountain against the Nazis. With weird kinds of sex symbols in speeches that are big dance thumps. If we heard mortar shells, we'd cuss more in our songs and cut down the guitar solos. So dig this big crux: Organizing the boy scouts for murder is wrong, ten years beyond the big sweat point. Man, it was still there, ever without you coming back around, look! Coming together, for just a second, a peek. A guess at the wholeness that's way too big.

 
I Felt Like A Gringo
A ton of white boy guilt, that's my problem -obstacle to joy (one reason for drugs). Slept on a mexican beach, slept in trash (American trash) thinking too much can ruin a good time. I asked a mexican who ran a bar for Americans: "who won" I said, "the election?" He laughed and I felt like a gringo - we paid for a song and they had fun with us. Why can't you buy a good time? Why are there soldiers in the streets? why did I spend the fourth in someone else's country?

 
Jesus And Tequila  
I had a girl, she loved what she saw. She loved me so good, she made her daddy mad. My woman cried; she's dead to me now. My woman ran off, and I can't deny it. My life: Jesus and tequila. I'm satisfied, and I can't deny it. I had a job; it paid me good. I could have my fun and tip the preacher too. My boss yelled; he's dead to me now. My boss kicked me out, and I can't deny it. My life: Jesus and tequila. I'm satisfied, and I can't deny it. You better listen to me 'cause I'm gonna tell you, son. Don't give away your love and don't give away your sweat. Because a girl can't know you, and a boss can't afford you. Remember Jesus and tequila. I'm satisfied and I can't deny it

 
Courage  
Where's your courage? Are you afraid to die? Are you happy that God is on your side? I wrote this song in a story of men who died for glory Where's your courage? Do you think you're alone? Are you laughing for being blind and pure? I wrote this song in a story of men who died for glory Where's your courage? Do you share all you have? Are you hiding from something you dont know? Where's your courage?

 
King Of The Hill  
What is peace to the people who work the land and die in wars? It was learned in a game that was played by us all. Who held the top of the hill? From the rest was called the king. And I can't believe it all was good for humankind. Is it peace to point the guns? Is it war To fire the guns? We would run with all of our might, push the king off to take the hill. And to learn who was king and who makes the better serf. I can't believe it all was good for humankind.

 
Mr. Robot's Holy Orders  
Force fed Sifted Tin can Pull handle Puppet Pull toys

 
This Ain't No Picnic  
Working on the edge. Losing my self-respect for a man who presides over me. The principles of his creed. Punch in, punch out. Eight hours, five days. Sweat, pain and agony. On Friday I'll get paid. This ain't no picnic. Hey mister don't look down on me for what I believe. I got my bills and the rent. I should be content But our land isn't free, so I'll work my youth away in the place of a machine. I refuse to be a slave. This ain't no picnic

 
The Cheerleaders  
We'll talk some reason We could look at the past Will the nation grow?  
Prosperity may last Can we look At the problems ahead?  
With our heads in the sand We might as well be dead Cheer him on The leader of the team He'll push on through At all cost to win But are we free To think for ourselves Or doomed To repeat our mistakes? When  
you hear them and call your name Can you count the lives they will take? Do you have to see the body bags Before you make a stand? The cheerleaders Call our their names On the sidelines They can feel the players sweat And i wonder What it is they see? All the rallies Will never set them free Can you hear them Call your name?Can you count the lives They will take? Do you have to see the body bags Come off the plane Just a little bit Just a little bit Just a little bit too late Can you hear them Call your name? Can you count the lives They will take? Do you have to see the body bags Before you make a stand? Can you hear them Just a little bit Just a little bit too late

 
Cut  
Hey, ice machine will you cut me? Thin line... Cut! Big scissors! Cut loose! Bend Tense! Big scissors! Stop! Cut!

 
Shit You Hear At Parties  
Sometimes the news is like a loud hum in my amplifier. It rings my head out like a filthy washcloth. With little folds Thousands of little folds! The shit you hear at parties. Kick in the idiot box. Wait for the news in the history books. Like junkies who hate their heroin

 
Tour-Spiel  
Born in the shed with the guitar on We jammed the schtik to do for gigs. With bits and pieces Of a working thesis we jammed the schtik to do for gigs. Now when we took me and D. Boon and George's stench and put them up on stage. We'd fight at practice then jam econo and spout the tour-spiel. I dreamed I was E Bloom But I woke up Joe Bouchard in some town out on the road With patent-leather boots on Just like richard told me Another hack on the "spectors" tour Tour-spiel Tour-spiel Now you got your guitar And your practice amp You travel the USA in a van. And Troccoli's counting on some situation Are you going to write the song I demand? And with the guitar turned off And the gas tank empty And the typewriter on But my head is empty And to really find me I've got to look inside me. And cut the tour-spiel

 
Take Our Test  
Say now My trip in line with others Have  
the door pointing to others Door means a separate wall is in between  
Symbols assert the Big Butt Whoopin Close your eyes Open them take our test Close your eyes Open them Not since those days This rhythm that is all head What makes Breaks the fakes Close your eyes Open them take our test Close your eyes Open them Not since those days And when reality appears digital And the  
big hankering cometh I'll vote yes for life in the big choice poll I'll be glad I did Your mind Organized by nazis Your heart and mind conspiring Close your eyes Open them take our test Close your eyes Open them Not since those days Not since those days Forever with you Ever without you Take our test(and so on)

 
The Punch Line  
I believe when they found the body of General George A. Custer Quilled like a porcupine with Indian arrows He didn't die with any honor, any dignity, or any valor.I believe when they found George A. Custer An American general, patriot, and Indian-fighter He died with shit in his pants!

 
Search  
Son of a mother Son of a father You can look inside you You can look inside me Come on and search!Search deep inside You can put it together You can pull it apart You relapse unconscious You don't remember You don't remember You don't remember!

 
Bob Dylan Wrote Propaganda Songs  
I'm waiting and diversing! I'm collecting... Dispersing information... liberation!Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs!Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs!Manifesto on my window and my (fruit?)...Rotation, admiration, outline my route...Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs!Bob Dylan wrote propaganda songs

Tension  
When you're revealing I get that feeling Of a blind man in bed Couldn't hear what I said No way When you're revealing I get that feeling Of a monk in a church A big empty church

 
No! No! No! To Draft And War/Joe McCarthy's Ghost  
Can you really be sure of the goddamn time of day?Can you take the dirt from the fist of a foreigner?Are you going to fight when they call out your number?Can you toe the line? Can you repeat what you've been told?Can you bite the bullet? Can you see the enemy?Can you point the finger? Can you prove your loyalty?Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy!Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy Joe Mc Carthy!

 
Anxious Mo-Fo  
Serious as a heart attack!Makes me feel this way...No device to measure, No word can define.I mean what I'm trying to say...is how can I express?(let alone possess)Serious as a heart attack! Makes me feel this way...

 
Paranoid Chant  
I try to work and I keep thinking of World War III try to talk to girls and I keep thinking of World War IIIThe goddamned six o'clock news makes sure I keep thinking of World War III got a mile of numbers and a ton of stats Of warheads A billion Chinese with warheads I don't even worry about crime any more So many goddamned scared faces I keep thinking of Russia, of Russia Paranoid, stuck on overdrive Paranoid, scared shitless

 
